# Voyage v0.7.0

Released 10-15-2024

Hi everyone! I am super excited to announce Voyage v0.7.0! This is one of the biggest updates I have ever released and I am super happy its finally ready for all of you to enjoy. The majority of this update is based around community feedback and ideas which is awesome!

# What's New

### Adventures 📍

- Adventures can now be visited multiple times by adding a new visit.
  - Existing adventure dates will be automatically migrated to this new format
- Adventures now use categories for organization.
- A new adventure creation/edit modal simplifies the process and has a cleaner overall design with dropdown menus.

### Collections 🍱

- **Collections can now be shared with other public users for collaboration!**
- Collections now have a link field so you can attach things like photo albums right to your collection.

### World Travel 🗺️

- The World Travel dataset now includes **every ISO defined country and region**. It is based off of a new dataset [dr5hn/countries-states-cities-database](https://github.com/dr5hn/countries-states-cities-database). Searching for countries is now supported. Capitals and world regions are now listed on the country card.

### Profiles 👥

- Users can now toggle their profile to be public. This allows other users to share collections with them for collaboration.

### Bug Fixes 🐛

- Fixed bug where collection dates during daylight savings time would cause errors in date placement
- Fixed login issue with usernames of different cases

### Other

- New logo for Voyage! Thanks @redtechtiger!
- Releases now include a multi-arch image like pushes to main
- Docker compose file now has more comments for clarity
- New Aesthetic Dark theme (its my favorite by far)

# Sponsorship 💖

As a computer science student, I pour my free time into developing and enhancing Voyage, driven by my passion for this project and its potential to make adventure planning easier for everyone. Your support, no matter the amount, means the world to me. It shows that you believe in the project and its future. I’m excited to announce that I’ve launched my page on Buy Me A Coffee—check it out!

Hope you all enjoy!
Feel free to join the release discussion below to share feedback and ideas or anything else related to this update!

Happy travels,
Sean @seanmorley15
